So we completed this module and maybe you did this with angular five.
But maybe you also did with angular six.
And if you're using angler's 6 You probably used our ex-chief s comp at that at least is what I recommended
that the beginning of this module because angular six depends on our X chase version 6 and does in turn
change just the way you have to import some things and use our X Cheras operators are x yes combat ensures
that you can use to send X as you saw it in this course but it would be boring to end like this.
Let's get rid of our actually combat.
And let me show you how you can fully update to our Yes without that package.
So for that besides removing it from the package the Jason fall older around NPM uninstall.
Dash dash save our.
Yes compact in this project folder.
So in the terminal in this project folder to get rid of debt dependency.
Once we got rid of that all restart and surf and now you will see that it fails that we get an error
because obviously the our exchange syntax and the way we use operators is incorrect now.
And in this video we'll now update this and fix this.
So for this let's dive into our angular app and let's simply go through it step by step file by a file.
Now in the app routing File we're not using any R X code.
So there is nothing we need to change.
They're the same in the app module in the app component if we have a look.
We also don't need to do anything that is it for the root falls in the store folder in the root store
folder.
We got that app reducer but there we don't actually have to do anything because here we are using energy
are X but not are x.
Yes and ngi are X behind the scenes already updated to use the latest words incorrectly in the shopping
list module there's nothing to do in a shopping list component.
However we've got an import importing observable from our X-Trace observable.
Now let's simply turn this to import absorbable from our X-Trace.
This is how we import observables using our access version 6.
Now my ID actually marks this as an error but it isn't.
So let's move on to the store folder in the shopping list folder.
There we got the reducers folder.
We're not using any Our ex-chief logic there.
Neither do we in the actions live file.
Any shopping edit component here.
We actually do import something from our X-Trace days subscription.
So let's all can word this word to use just our access and not our access slash subscription.
With that let's move on the shared folder there we get the shared module where we don't use any R X
test code.
We got our logging interceptor.
And here we do indeed use our Yes.
Again we do have our import from our access slash observable and we're using to do operator.
Now we need to change that import because we're importing operators from our access operators now.
And for to do or Braider it all change from due to tap because do is there is a reserve the word in
Javascript.
And since we use that you use it as a function approach.
We can use keywords.
So we got to tap we Knoll's need to change the way we use it instead of changing do like this we call
pipe on our observable and we wrap do.
And this again explains why we can't use it like do but why we have to name it tappet by it.
It was renamed to tap because do would be a reserved keyword.
So this is the logging interceptor updated in the model.
We don't have any Our X-Trace code in the dropdown directive.
We also don't have any such code in the off intercept or we do though.
There again let's change dead imports to import the observable from our ex-chief Yes instead of our
exchange as observable.
And we're importing the switch map here.
And we're also using the take operator.
Now previously this was unlocked by some Obert import.
Now we have to import it separately so let's import from our exchange as operators.
And what we import is take the take operator and switch map with these two operators added.
We now should use them and we use them again with the pipe method.
Take us the first argument we passed to pipe.
Then we add a comma because the second argument will be our switched map operator and then we simply
close the parentheses with that we also refactored doesn't recentre we're using pipe.
And it wraps both the take and the switch map operator which we import from our exchanges operators.
Let's move on to the recipe's section and the recipe's routing File.
We're not using any R x yes code.
Never do we in the recipe's module in the recipe's component.
We also got no relevant code.
And then the recipe model we also don't use any observables in a store folder here.
We've got the reducer now now there we also don't use any Our access code and we get the effects folder
now in the effects folder we got a lot of our extra Yes relevant code.
We got these two operators switch map and with latest front so ask before will import them from our
access operators and we do this by simply.
Well unsurprisingly import things which map and with latest from these two functions we now get rid
of these imports here.
And now if we scroll down reusing it here you were using the switch map.
So let's instead use pipe and let's wrap the switch map with our pipe assignment here.
However we're also using map here.
So we should also import that previously it was unlocked by some other import.
Now let's import a map here too and let's grab that map code.
So this whole map operator here and that's actually added as a second argument ofter switch map like
this.
If we scroll down.
We also see that on the second of fact we should use pipe we should use to use it to group or to pipe
with latest from and offer again switch map.
So let's get rid of the dog here.
That's the set at a comma.
Let's add that second operator.
And here we go.
So now which map is also added to the pipe statement here.
With that we update at the recipe's effects file in the recipe's actions fall.
We don't have to do anything.
And the recipes start component that's looking good recipe a list component here we're importing the
observable.
We should do that from just our ex-chief Yes.
And the recipe item component.
Everything's looking good in the recipe edit component here if we scan through it.
This is looking good too.
We're not using any observables here.
We're using subscribe but this is fine.
This is not using observable operators or anything like that.
But here here we're using take.
So we do actually use some observable feature in your.
So let's import take from our access operators and let's replace it.
So in the place where we used to take down there let's instead use pipe take because pipe is a new way
to set up operators in the recipe detail component.
Here we get a bunch of imports.
So observable should be imported from our exchanges.
And does the operator take operator should also be imported from our access operators like this with
this import added.
Let's scroll down and here where we are using take.
Let's again rapid with pipe.
This should be all the.
Now we can move on to the core module.
No our exchange Magic their home component.
You know our access magic here and the same for the head are a component.
Well almost there we get that observable import.
And as you learned we import this from just observable now last but not least the off section in the
off routing module there is nothing to be adjusted in the off guard here if we take a look we're using
take and map.
Now again we didn't import that before because we basically unlocked them with some global import in
the number place of the app but now we need to explicitly import DS to our operators from our access
operators and with them or did we again use pipe which takes take as the first argument and map as the
second argument.
And of course we need to close that pipe method.
So now we're using operators correctly and you off guard in the off module there's nothing we need to
adjust in the store.
Yoffe reducers are looking good in the off effects file however we're using a lot of absorbable magic.
So we got a bunch of operators we're using Let's therefore import them all from our access operators
and they're what we need to import is Map do.
But this was renamed to tap switch map and merge map.
Now with these imports it we can't get rid of the old operator imports and we'll also have to import
that observable creation method a bit differently.
We cannot use from which will automatically infer whether it's a promise or for example an array or
something like that and we import from just from our X J.S. now with that edit we have to adjust our
code below of course they're all first of all and my pipe method to include all the operator said one
to apply to is observable.
So to does actions observable here and the first operate drill one of use is mapped so we'll leave that.
But then switch maps simply separated by a comma.
So it's the second argument and the pipe method.
Now the same is the case for the next which map operator.
It's the first argument and merge map becomes the fourth argument separated by a comma.
And of course we have to add a closing parentheses at the end which closes the pipe method call.
Now from Bronner's simply becomes from.
And as I said this will automatically infer that we're working with promise here so that this code was
adjusted.
Let's go on to the next effect.
There we also have to use to the operator by using the pipe method and we'll simply keep on adding arguments.
So which Mabus a second operator argument.
So which map again is the first one and then merge.
MAP is the fourth operator we add to this pipe.
And then of course we close that with an additional parentheses.
And from power on this becomes for on like that.
So now the two effects were adjusted.
Now at the bottom we got a third effect here we're using do.
So we use pipe 2.
And here are just using pipe isn't enough do was renamed to tap.
So let's use tap here.
We're already importing tap up here.
Just important to keep in mind you was renamed sauted it doesn't clash with the default.
Do keyword and Javascript and that's it for this file with that we adjusted all the effects in here
and we should be good to continue.
And with that if we save this should now work.
Now we can tell what effect that had compiled successfully that we don't seem to have any other observable
stuff or code in sign in or sign up component and therefore we can now indeed successfully reload our
page and well never get around to sign up won't work because I delete my firebase project but I'm not
getting an error regarding any observables that that's fine.
So this is now all working and so should your project now work correctly now with the latest version
of our exchange.
Without our exchange yes compact package.